you will need to use the planner agent and make a granular plan in order to execute this prompt because it is long and complex and all of the details are important.


Prompt.
I love your recommendation of the fast lane, slow lane concept. I would like to combine this with your idea of the
overnight model Gemma 4 31B for a third overnight. also, I have been doing research and it seems that two models that are exceptional at
doing online research that I would like to throw into the mix are "batiai/qwen3.6-35b:iq3" and "hf.co/unsloth/Qwen3.6-27B-GGUF:IQ4_XS" respectfully. also for synthesizing insights from a deep read of the gathered research sources I would like to throw into the mix "Mistral-Small-3.2-24B-Instruct-2506-GGUF:Q4_K_M" and ".co/KikoCis/gemma-4-31b-it-IQ3_XS-GGUF:IQ3_XS"  for a total of 7 lanes not just fast lane and deep lane. also when engaging the Research Engine I would like to have a slider appear much like when I type /effort and i can use the arrow keys to slide right to left to choose effort I want to be able to move a slider to choose the balance of either optimizing for Quality or Speed. and I want this to determine what tasks are handed what model. I want the task of doing research and delivering insights and anything else that the Research Engine does directly relating to research its self to be broken up into many steps and each step delegated to different models according to their strengths and as far as the slider is set for instance if the slider is moved all the way over to quality the largest/best models are used and there may be many handoffs from one model to another depending on model strengths which will require handoff docs and long plans to maintain focus and direction and setting up scripts to empty the GPU and load a different model for a different task etc. where as on the other end if the slider is set to speed a single model is loaded that can get the job done while maintaining the minimum acceptable level of quality(which is that the purpose of the research is accomplished with no key information omitted and there is no false or misleading information included). if I engage the Research Engine and give it a time limit for example 30min or 1hr I don't want to see a slider but I want to have the research automatically optimize the selection of agents to render the highest quality output within the time period given. I also want to be able to specify search volume. i want a second slider that will allow me to choose how many relevant and Uniquely useful sources that it gathers, from which it will gather a minimum of 1 unique insight from that accomplishes the goal from the research. if I tell it that I want x amount of sources in y amount of time I want that to determine the quality. if I tell it I want x amount of quality and x amount of time then that determines the number of sources etc. if I give it a research objective or question and i don't specify any of those three values I want a quality/speed slider and a research volume slider to appear in the terminal window. go ahead and install the ai models specified via ollama. and build what I described.
